wine review : Spain : Catalonia : Sparkling Blend : Always one of Spain's best bubblies, this is precise and dry, with a dusty apple aroma and only a bit of yeast on the bouquet. It feels expansive and rich, with cutting acidity that's offset by yeasty cream, toast and butterscotch flavors. Juicy and generous at the same time. wine review : US : Oregon : Chardonnay : This splendid effort is sourced from the Durant Vineyard, and aged in neutral French oak for seven months prior to bottling. Spicy and dense, it's a lively blend of lime, apple, apricot and pear fruits. A trickle of juicy acidity pulls the flavors through into a finish with streaks of vanilla and clove. The 20-year-old vines provide the complexity and detail that will reward another decade of aging. Drink now through 2025. wine review : Austria : Kremstal : Riesling : This is a bone dry, while rich wine that is now mature. It has weight, secondary almond and spice flavors, as well as tight acidity and a very mineral character. It has crispness rather than freshness, bringing a taut structure into play along with the concentration. Drink now. wine review : Chile : Colchagua Valley : Cabernet Sauvignon : Despite the fact that this smells green, it scores points in the mouth, where it's dense and chewy. This also tastes green and highly herbal, but it's full across the palate, with a sense of richness that helps offset the wine's bell-pepper character. wine review : US : California : Red Blend : This blend of 53% Zinfandel, 26% Petite Sirah and 21% Syrah shows grape candy and roasted beef crust on the nose. The flavors are dark with creosote, licorice and dark chocolate, proving to be a heavy, thick wine that's balanced by plum-skin tannins. wine review : Italy : Piedmont : Nebbiolo : Dark berry, pressed flower, iron, leather and spice aromas come together on this firmly structured wine. The full-bodied palate delivers juicy black cherry, eucalyptus, anise and clove alongside big, velvety tannins. A licorice note closes the lingering finish. It's already almost approachable but hold for more complexity. Drink 2018–2028. wine review : Austria : Thermenregion : St. Laurent : Fresh, juicy and fruity with a light tannic structure, this is pure blackberry juice, with just some of that cranberry tannin and dryness, finished with licorice. Ready to drink. wine review : US : California : Red Blend : This blend of 87% Syrah and 13% Merlot mixes plummy blackberry, blueberry and leather flavors. An earthiness marked by roses permeates the nose and palate, buoyed by bright acidity and a tangy lift of cranberry and white pepper. wine review : Germany : Rheingau : Riesling : Hugely ripe, with 14.5% alcohol and a touch of residual sweetness, but also a richly textured mouthfeel and layers of honey, apricot preserves, slate-driven minerality and spice. It may be a bit precariously balanced, so opt for drinking it over the near term. wine review : Spain : Northern Spain : Tempranillo : Dark, alluring aromas of licorice, blackberry and toast share space with earthy, mossy notes on the nose of this full-bodied winner that's showing wall-to-wall weight and tannins. Black plum, cassis and tobacco flavors are a common Rioja trifecta, as are dry, peppery, figgy flavors on the finish. Drink from 2018–2028. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : This generous, fruity and lightly sweet wine should please a crowd with its butter and vanilla aromas, rich apple, pear and baking-spice flavors and rounded mouth-filling texture. wine review : France : Bordeaux : Bordeaux-style White Blend : Tight and crisply fruity, this wine comes from a property in the Vignobles Signé family since 1649. With a strong herbal character, it is refreshing and already delicious, bright and lively. Plenty of acidity keeps this wine packed with forward fruit. Drink now. wine review : France : Burgundy : Pinot Noir : While this wine is firm, with some fine tannins, it also has a pure line in fresh strawberry fruits that will develop as the tannins soften. This perfumed wine will develop slowly. Drink from 2020. wine review : France : Languedoc-Roussillon : Cinsault : Fresh and lively with flavors of strawberry, cherry, raspberry and red plum pulp. The acidity subdues the stronger fruit flavors on the palate, balancing everything out nicely. Moderate weight with a full texture and a zingy, lingering finish. wine review : US : California : Pinot Noir : Right out of the bottle, this wine smells and tastes tight and unappealing. It's marked by drying tannins and earthiness, giving it a rustic quality. Still, there's a good core of cherry fruit. wine review : Portugal : Tejo : Sauvignon Blanc : This wine shows the tropical fruit side of Sauvignon Blanc with pineapple and mango flavors. The acidity is there, floral and ripe. The wine is ready to drink now. wine review : France : Bordeaux : Bordeaux-style Red Blend : Maturing well, yet with plenty of aging ahead, this is a firm and fragrant selection. It has a ripe berry flavor and a hint of truffle, with sweet acidity and a dense, rich structure. wine review : US : Washington : Syrah : Fermented with 100% stems and aged in neutral French oak, this textbook example of this top Syrah site brings aromas of smoked meat, purple fruit, crushed violets and fresh parsley along with other green herbs. The palate's über-fresh fruit and savory flavors are supported by tart bright acids. This one will only get better with some bottle age and will truly shine at the dinner table. Best from 2022 through 2030. wine review : Chile : Rapel Valley : Cabernet Blend : All this Cab blend needs is time in the glass and it'll show floral, alluring aromas and then big raspberry and plum flavors. It starts quietly and then pounds through with saturated fruit, chocolate and firm tannins. wine review : US : California : Pinot Noir : There's enough unripe fruity flavor in this wine to detract from its pleasure. As dry, crisp and silky as it is, its cherry and cola flavors are marred by a sharp, green taste of menthol. wine review : France : France Other : Vermentino : This delicious, refreshing wine has crisp acidity and bright red apple fruit. Shot through with with zesty lemon character, it finishes with a waft of white floral perfume. Drink now. wine review : Italy : Northeastern Italy : Pinot Grigio : Elegant and sophisticated, this has soft aromas of apricot, honey, citrus and pear. Fresh acidity is followed by a touch of savory spice. wine review : Spain : Levante : Red Blend : An unusual wine made from Cabernet Sauvignon, Tempranillo, Syrah and Merlot. It's floral but underdeveloped, with volatility and stunted fruit. The palate has punch and size but also saucy, herbal flavors and a leathery, salinic finish. Shows flashes but it doesn't dance in the mouth. wine review : Spain : Northern Spain : Verdejo : Aromas of chewing gum and sulfuric grit lack fruit. This feels wiry and narrow, with hardly any body. Salty, briny apple and orange flavors finish hollow. Overall, this is just a light, quaffable, generic white wine. wine review : US : California : Pinot Noir : There's something delicious about this wine, but it's not very Pinot Noir-like. Aromas of barbecue, bacon fat, smoked meats and strawberry carry through to the flavor profile, making it a perfect pairing for grilled ribs. wine review : Italy : Veneto : Corvina : Opulent as well as elegant, this structured red boasts aromas of black currant, exotic spice, new oak and fragrant blue flower. Made entirely with native grape Corvina, the velvety palate doles out spiced blackberry, juicy cherry, licorice and black pepper. Firm, polished tannins provide the smooth framework. wine review : Chile : Colchagua Valley : Rosé : Briny citrus aromas are pungent, and in general this runs strong on pyrazines and bell pepper scents. A tight, juicy, firm palate is home to citric flavors of pink grapefruit and orange. wine review : US : Oregon : Red Blend : This is not labeled as such, but it's Petite Sirah. The fruit is young, plummy, with purple-berry flavors in abundance. It drops off in the midpalate, but returns in a ripe but not too potent finish. Tannins are proportionate. All in all, this is your optimal pizza wine. wine review : Spain : Northern Spain : Verdejo : Subtle and sweet on the nose, it has aromas of honey, peach and melon. Standard nettle, gooseberry and slightly-mealy citrus flavors mark the palate. This finishes chunky yet easygoing. Drink immediately. wine review : Austria : Burgenland : Blaufränkisch : Properly rustic, this has firm and dry tannins, a powerful structure to go with the wood aging and black plum flavor. It has pepper, spice and toast notes, with layers of acidity. The finish is very dry and firm. Screwcap. wine review : US : California : Zinfandel : This wine combines smoky, baked blackberry fruit with sweet vanilla accents. It's full bodied, soft and smooth on the palate, proving likably approachable. wine review : US : Virginia : Seyval Blanc : Lime and orange peel remain in front of dried apricot and nuts on the nose. The palate shows soft grassiness and lifted acidity, which keeps the feel lean and short. wine review : France : Southwest France : Malbec : This is the young fruity wine from the Cèdre estate that also produces some of the most serious wines in Cahors. It is soft, packed with black fruits and with layers of spicy acidity. There is just a touch of tannin, which will make the wine a great barbecue accompaniment this summer. wine review : Italy : Central Italy : Sagrantino : Aromas of underbrush, leather, truffle and a balsamic note lead the nose on this lush wine. On the concentrated palate, ripe plum and blackberry take center stage while notes of vanilla, mocha, licorice and clove play supporting roles. Velvety tannins generate a smooth texture and make it extremely approachable. Drink through 2019. wine review : US : California : Pinot Noir : A very savory nose calls to mind mushrooms sautéed in Italian herbs, with touches of eucalyptus and licorice on the fringes. The mouthfeel is light in density, alive with acidity and tannins, tending more towards marinated black olives and charcuterie than ripe red fruits. wine review : US : California : Rhône-style White Blend : Easy, appealing and frankly sweet, this is very rich in citrus, tropical fruit and honey flavors. A blend of Roussanne, Grenache Blanc and Viognier. wine review : Portugal : Tejo : Rosé : This blend of Touriga Nacional with Merlot is perfumed and light. It has a salmon pink color, layers of citrus as well as red-currant fruit and a soft texture. Drink now. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : With a creamy mouthfeel and ripe flavors of tangerines, tropical fruits, honey and sweet oak, this is a flashy effort. It will appeal to fans of the variety, and rightfully so, delivering a dry complexity that lifts it way above the average. wine review : US : California : Cabernet Sauvignon : The big question about this wine is will it age. It certainly appeals to the palate for its flashy sweetness, ripe in blackberries, raspberries, cherries and cocoa. And there's a generous overlay of oak. Still, it's hard to get past a certain directness. Your best bet is to stash it away and keep your fingers crossed over the next six years. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : Lots of toasty, caramelized oak tones combine with ripe flavors of pineapples, pears and green apples. It seems a little sweet on the finish, but that's balanced by a swirl of acidity. Drink now. wine review : Spain : Catalonia : Sparkling Blend : Straightforward apple and spice aromas draw you in. The palate on this value-priced brut Cava is fresh and focused, with mango, citrus, spice and dried herb flavors. It finishes fresh, with a touch of quince and apple flavor. Good for the price. wine review : Canada : British Columbia : Meritage : An artful blend of 43% Cab Franc, 28% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 9% Petit Verdot, this captures the seductive sensuality of the winery's excellent lineup of red varietals. Ripe berry, plum and cherry fruit is swathed in dense highlights of herbs and spices. It's complex and captivating, while remaining refined, even elegant. wine review : US : California : Pinot Noir : A full array of chaparral aromas arise prominently on this bottling, with thyme and sagebrush spicing up the smoke, earth, crushed slate and dark-cherry scents. The palate zings with snappy black-raspberry fruit, a great counterpoint to the savory shrubbiness that reflects the nose, with more wild herbs and eucalyptus notes. Quite a full experience. wine review : Austria : Burgenland : Rosé : Shimmering with the palest salmon pink, this is a softly scented, restrained but very refreshing rosé. Absolutely dry, it majors on fresh lemon notes with tart inflections of red currant. The slightest fizz helps the freshness even more. Lovely. wine review : Chile : Maipo Valley : Cabernet Sauvignon : Abrasive cherry and plum aromas are rough and raw. This scrubs the palate with high acidity and hard tannins, while flavors of raspberry and plum are basic and herbal. A lean, scratchy finish brings no surprises. wine review : US : Oregon : Pinot Noir : Delicate and detailed, this balanced Pinot Noir displays a perfect mix of wild berry, mushroom, green tea and a whiff of compost. These threads of flavor, and others associated with them, create a delightful tapestry that continues through the lengthy finish. wine review : Australia : New South Wales : Shiraz : The Tyrrell family was excited about its 2014s when I visited there earlier this year, and this suggests their ebullience is well founded. The aromas are fresh and floral, loaded with cherry-berry fruit and a hint of cracked pepper, while on the palate, the wine is medium bodied and supple, with a long, peppery, silky finish. wine review : Italy : Tuscany : Sangiovese Grosso : La Poderina's Rosso offers elegant notes of fine spice backed by small forest berries and currants. This wine excels at being intense and powerful but in a uniquely understated way. The finish is silky and smooth. wine review : Portugal : Vinho Verde : Rosé : A sweet and fizzy wine, this is also tight with acidity and textured with tannins. It has a mineral edge along with the intense crispness that is really too much. wine review : Portugal : Port : Port : A dry wine, firmly tannic, although also with acidity and black currant fruit. Spices and licorice add interest, while the tannins finish this attractive wine. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : Shows all the hallmarks of a fine Chard, except complexity. It's dry, creamy and smoky in oak and lees influences, with flavors of pineapples and peaches. Easy to find, with 250,000 cases produced. wine review : US : California : Pinot Noir : Growing a little tired, with the raspberry, cherry and persimmon fruit beginning to dry out. Yet the wine is clean and sprightly in acidity. wine review : Italy : Veneto : Red Blend : Pressed violet, baked plum, baking spice and coconut emerge on the nose and carry over to the full-bodied palate along with ripe black cherry and licorice. Tightly packed but refined tannins provide firm support. wine review : Spain : Northern Spain : Tempranillo : Despite showing rusticity and leather on the bouquet, this smells encouraging and improves with airing as spice and subtle berry aromas take over. A creamy, layered palate is home to cinnamon, dry spice, earth and leathery flavors in addition to tobacco and dried cherry. Residual oak and spice are driving the finish on this mature wine. Drink now through 2015. wine review : France : Bordeaux : Bordeaux-style Red Blend : This fresh, stalky wine has hints of wood. The fruit is light and only just ripe, giving it a tight character, with plenty of acidity and a dry core of tannins. It will be ready to drink in a crisp way from 2017. wine review : Italy : Tuscany : Red Blend : This presents aromas of toasted oak, espresso and a whiff of burned tire rubber. The lean palate displays raw, red cherry, coffee and oak extract alongside astringent tannins that leave an abrupt, bitter finish. wine review : Germany : Mosel : Riesling : Layers of smoke, spice and lanolin cast a shadowy tone to summery peach and tangerine flavors on this semi-sweet Riesling. Nuances of mineral, spice and fruit build in intensity on the palate, augmented by brisk lemony acidity. Finishes long with a delicate lace of sweetness. wine review : France : Alsace : Sparkling Blend : A soft, rather soapy-textured wine, without much focus. It's attractive in a gentle way, missing the bite. wine review : US : California : Petite Sirah : Despite the fancy Lot designation, this is a simple Petite Sirah. It's soft and lush in licorice and blackberry jam flavors, wrapped into firm tannins. Fine for drinking now with burgers, ribs, Mexican fare. wine review : US : California : Sparkling Blend : This fruity and sweet bubbly has a vivid hot-pink color and aromas like maraschino cherries, then red-cherry flavors, a smooth texture and cotton-candy flavors on the finish. wine review : France : Southwest France : Malbec : Château de Mercuès has had its own vineyard since the 13th century. This latest vintage is a powerful wine, pure tannic and rich Malbec, structured and with huge black fruits. The wine has weight, solid tannins and an excellent potential. Drink from 2017–2018. wine review : Italy : Tuscany : Red Blend : Consistently among Italy's top-scoring wines, this vintage of the celebrated Ornellaia (a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc and Petit Verdot) is a gorgeous expression of the very best of European enology. It delivers extraordinary richness, succulence and intensity, but remains elegant to the end. Aromas include black cherry, spice and dark chocolate. wine review : Italy : Northeastern Italy : White Blend : Made with 60% Pinot Bianco, 30% Chardonnay and 10% Sauvignon Blanc, this boasts appealing aromas of acacia flower, nectarine and Alpine herb. The elegant palate delivers juicy Gala apple, yellow peach and a touch of ginger alongside fresh acidity. wine review : US : New York : Riesling : Zippy acidity drives this dry medium-bodied Riesling. Its fresh green-apple and lime flavors are delicate in concentration but refreshingly crisp. Drink now through 2020. wine review : France : Burgundy : Chardonnay : Very light mango, pineapple and banana aromas are joined by flowers and minerals. Nutty notes are brought to the fore on the dry and stony palate. Finishes broad and long, with echos of the floral and mineral notes on the nose. Now it's pretty tight; best in 2002 and beyond. wine review : France : Bordeaux : Bordeaux-style Red Blend : The wine is developing quickly. It has all the elements, with ripe cherry flavors and acidity along some firm tannins. They are all coming together easily and generously. The attractive, ripe wine will be ready to drink from 2022. wine review : Germany : Pfalz : Riesling : Whiffs of sugar cookies and raspberries entice on this consistently pleasing bargain buy. Fruity and floral and a just shade off dry, its an easygoing wine but with a depth beyond what one might presume from its cheeky packaging. Finishes on a lingering white peach note. wine review : Italy : Central Italy : Pecorino : There's an easy, informal quality to this white wine that makes it appropriate to pair with roast chicken or baked fish. The Pecorino grape can often be heavy and buttery, but this expression is surprisingly fresh and zesty instead. wine review : US : California : Pinot Noir : From a lovely site in the Sebastopol Hills, this wine is tart and tangy with pomegranate and dark cherry flavors, deepened with spicy earth and cardamom accents. It offers length, breadth and a full-bodied expression of the grape and place. wine review : US : California : Zinfandel : This Zinfandel from a warm area that hugs the Arroyo Seco appellation boundary (and will likely one day be part of it) shows baked blueberry, nutmeg, clove, licorice and turned loam aromas. Its dark plum and boysenberry flavors are strong, yet rocky mineral notes, cocoa spice and upright tannins kick it up to the next level. wine review : Argentina : Mendoza Province : Malbec : Granular and punchy upfront, with heat and animal fur aromas on the nose. Settles with airing, revealing a heavy but solid palate with plenty of oak and candied red-fruit flavors. Falls off on the finish, with mint, resin and herbal notes. wine review : US : California : Bordeaux-style Red Blend : One of the more successful Bordeaux-style blends from the Happy Canyon section of the valley, this Cabernet Sauvignon-based wine is complex and layered. The blackberry, black currant and spice flavors have a nice coating of oak, and turn chocolaty-rich on the finish. A bit sharp in acidity, but a real step forward. wine review : US : California : Pinot Noir : This tight, classic Russian River Valley Pinot Noir needs coaxing to bring out the lovely, lilting aromatics, splendid in savory dark fruit, cinnamon and tobacco. Restrained use of new oak brings a balance of richness and acidity, softened tannins and velvety texture that works in every way. wine review : Austria : Niederösterreich : Zweigelt : Light-bodied, straightforward red, with blackberry aromas, this wine could be accentuated with chilling and is a solution for cuisine such as mixed charuterie platters or liver terrines. A friendly, uncomplicated red made for the moment, with gracious, cheerful fruitiness. wine review : US : Washington : Chardonnay : Aged in 68% new French oak, the barrel notes take center stage here with aromas of toast and spice. The palate is creamy and full with a viscous feel, tapering in concentration toward the finish. wine review : Italy : Sicily & Sardinia : Nero d'Avola : Made from Nero d'Avola from old, pre-phylloxera vines, this opens with subdued violet, leather and underbrush aromas. The dense, structured palate evokes blackberry jam, vanilla and licorice. Enjoy through 2021. wine review : US : California : Petite Sirah : Darkly seductive in cinnamon and blackberry, this wine is hugely mouth-filling and a tad chewy, ready for a gigantic steak off the grill, preferably while out on the range. Coffee and pepper figure prominently in this wine, especially on the finish. wine review : Italy : Veneto : Red Blend : Crushed violet, cake spice and ripe black plum aromas lead the nose on this bold wine. The round, full-bodied palate doles out juicy black cherry, blackberry jam, cinnamon, licorice and a hint of tobacco alongside ripe, velvety tannins that lend it a polished feel. wine review : Austria : Niederösterreich : Weissburgunder : Delicate notions of white blossom join hints of Galia melon on nose and palate, where the yeast-buffered weight makes itself felt. This is creamy, rounded but elegant and already delicious with its immense floral charm. wine review : US : Washington : Petite Verdot : All estate-grown fruit, blended with 11% Merlot, which seems to soften up the tannins a bit. This is aromatic and complex, weaving together scents of cassis, licorice, tobacco and smoke. Flavors follow, with plenty of black cherry fruit in the concentrated core. wine review : Greece : Corinthia : Assyrtico : Lemon preserve and melon aromas are followed by peach and tropical fruit flavors, all balanced with telltale Greek acidity. Balanced and well made, and a good pairing with fruit, salads and seafood. wine review : Portugal : Lisboa : Rosé : Made from Castelão grapes, this crisp wine has red fruits that burst out of the glass and give a lively aftertaste, with tight acidity. Drink now. wine review : Italy : Tuscany : Red Blend : Light in color but heavy in oak, Alcineo is a modern Tuscan red that puts big emphasis on wood-driven aromas of spice and vanilla. There are some bright cherry and citrus flavors on the finish. wine review : Chile : Casablanca Valley : Chardonnay : No shortage of oak is apparent from the get-go. The nose is woody, plump, sweet and soft, while the palate is balanced and creamy, with apple, spice and melony flavors. Definitely a big, buxom wine with plenty of vanilla and resin on the finish. Generous in a purely New World style. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : The aromas and tastes of oak dominate this Chardonnay, with buttered toast and sweet caramel riding high over the pineapple, mango and pear flavors. But crisp acidity provides needed balance, and there's a fine minerality that gives a tang of stone. A good price for a Chard this complicated. wine review : Argentina : Other : Cabernet Franc : Foxy aromas of wet dog and plum and berry feed into a raw tannic palate. This tastes herbal, with a green note added to its core red-fruit flavors. A choppy, hard-tannin finish is rugged and abrasive. wine review : France : Bordeaux : Bordeaux-style Red Blend : Solidly structured, this is a dense wine. Its black fruits add to the density, giving a concentrated, fruity wine. Drink this starting from mid-2018. wine review : US : Texas : Viognier : Canned peach, banana and lilting white-flower aromas show some good concentration on the nose. The palate is playful and textured, with a pop of tropical fruit on the entry and more florals on the midpalate. A peach-fuzz texture tingles on the close. wine review : France : Loire Valley : Pinot Noir : This is a fine wine with its balanced red-cherry and berry flavors and finely textured tannins. The wine is light, poised and very stylish with its fruit and acidity just right. The wine will age another few months, so drink from 2018. wine review : South Africa : Robertson : Sauvignon Blanc : Here's a well balanced and easy to drink value priced Sauv Blanc, offering notes of sweet grass, barely ripe peach and melon on the nose and mouth. Perfect for summer entertaining; pair with sushi or cocktail shrimp. wine review : Israel : Galilee : Petite Sirah : This is a deep violet-red wine, with aromas of blackberry, blueberry, butterscotch and anisette. Flavors of blueberry, toffee and licorice play off of strong woody notes that dominate the finish. wine review : Italy : Veneto : Garganega : Delicate spring wildflower and orchard fruit aromas lift out of the glass. The simple, diluted palate mirrors the nose, offering hints of pear and peach, with zesty acidity. wine review : Spain : Northern Spain : Tempranillo : Full and smoky, with bacon, blackberry and tire rubber on the nose. This is a bit grating in feel due to full tannins and acids, with wild berry flavors, bitter oak, black plum and darkness. Lengthy on the finish. wine review : Spain : Catalonia : Red Blend : Cherry cough drop and minerally, almost chlorine aromas lead to an edgy high-acid hard palate. This blend of Carignan, Garnacha and Syrah tastes medicinal and like creamy but fiery red plum. A screechy-feeling, chocolaty-tasting finish leaves an impression. wine review : US : California : Sauvignon Blanc : A very pale color, aromas of white pepper and fresh fennel bulb, tropical fruit flavors, good firm acidity and just a touch of sweetness to balance that tartness all add up to a flavorful, lively and light-bodied wine. wine review : US : California : Pinot Noir : Mellow and subtle, this is a soft-spoken but deeply flavorful special bottling from Navarro. It has great balance, reserved raspberry and black cherry flavors and an appetizing, firmly tannic texture. Save a few bottles until 2020 to see how well it develops. wine review : Italy : Sicily & Sardinia : White Blend : This offers aromas and flavors suggesting unripe apricot, peach and lime. The simple palate is a bit raw, but crisp acidity gives it clean, bright finish. wine review : Greece : Florina : Merlot : This Merlot from one of Greece's most exciting producers offers aromas of plum, black cherry and vanilla on the nose, followed by smooth, integrated flavors of black fruit, cinnamon, pepper and a spin of mint on the finish. Layered and elegant, with good acidity for food pairing. wine review : US : California : Red Blend : Sanguine, high-toned red fruit features prominently in this almost-equal blend of Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. Dusty tannin and a relatively light-bodied texture belie the power lurking beneath, the finish a hit of Red Hots and cherry cola. wine review : US : California : Cabernet Sauvignon : For those who like their Cabernets in a drier style. An elegant wine of considerable finesse, with modest alcohol framing berry, currant, cocoa and herb flavors. Grows more attractive and complex as it breathes in the glass. wine review : US : California : Petite Sirah : From a notoriously tannic grape variety comes this well-polished yet massively concentrated wine. Gorgeous, softly ripe berry and black-fig flavors demand attention from the first whiff to the lingering finish. Delicious to drink now with meat or game, it will age well through at least 2020. wine review : US : Oregon : Pinot Gris : This is a good, rich, leesy and immediately appealing wine, with great texture and a fine mix of melon, apricot and peach flavors. For the price, it's hard to find a better Pinot Gris. wine review : South Africa : Durbanville : Sauvignon Blanc : Fresh but earthy aromas of apple, fig and pepper give this intriguing wine extra draw. On the palate, a robust herbal character backed by an appealing slatey spin and balanced acids offer elegance and personality. Ends with a clean, lingering finish. wine review : France : Bordeaux : Bordeaux-style Red Blend : From vineyards in the Entre-deux-Mers region of Bordeaux, this Fontana family wine has a dry core surrounded by ripe, fresh fruit. It is still young and should age, certainly until 2017. wine review : Italy : Piedmont : Nebbiolo : Fragrant blue flower, woodland berry, dark spice and pine forest aromas lead the way. It's racy, focused and loaded with chiseled finesse, delivering juicy red cherry, crushed cranberry, cinnamon and star anise. Tightly knit, refined tannins and firm acidity provide the backbone. Drink 2023–2033. wine review : Chile : Leyda Valley : Pinot Noir : Leafy, scratchy aromas of dried plum and raspberry give way to lemony, grainy oak scents. This is medium bodied, tightly wound and tastes of dried red fruits mixed with cocoa powder. A spicy, dry, crisp finish reinforces the wine's limitations. wine review : Spain : Northern Spain : Tempranillo : Familiar berry aromas blend with hard spice notes and a hint of blueberry. Like many 2013s, this is showing a clamped-down mouthfeel along with flavors of peppery black fruits. A limited finish is hard and compact. Drink or hold for another five or more years; this isn't going anywhere. wine review : US : Washington : Bordeaux-style Red Blend : This wine is 35% Merlot, 34% Cabernet Franc, 27% Cabernet Sauvignon and 4% Malbec. It brings a whole lot of appeal with its aromas of coffee, woodspice, blackberries and dark cherries. The palate shows a mixture of grace and power and the finish won't quit. wine review : US : California : Cabernet Sauvignon : Dry and smoothly tannic, this wine is packed with complex blackberry-pie, currant, anise, herb and cedar flavors. This is nearly as good as the winery's more costly Walking Tree Vineyard Block Collection Cabernet, but it's just a little less concentrated. wine review : US : California : White Blend : Mouthwatering acidity gives this white blend needed balance to the orange, grapefruit, lemon, lime and mango flavors. It's distinctly sweet, with a sugary finish. wine review : France : Rhône Valley : Rhône-style Red Blend : Cherries, leather and earth all mingle on the nose and palate of this medium-bodied wine. It's a pleasant, easy-to-drink offering, even if it's not terribly concentrated or complex. Drink now. wine review : France : Burgundy : Chardonnay : The aromas suggest this wine has too much wood for its own good. The palate is just rich enough to sustain all that toast, while also allowing room for some crisp white and green fruits. Drink this wine from 2016. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : A good, everyday Chardonnay that gets the job done with proper peach and pear flavors, overlaid with oak and wrapped into a creamy texture. wine review : Spain : Central Spain : Tempranillo : A clean, fresh, appealing sort of Tempranillo with cola, earth, black cherry and berry aromas followed by a bright, forward, spicy cherry palate. Honest, snappy, healthy and juicy; nice and solid for La Mancha. wine review : Australia : South Australia : Cabernet Sauvignon : This amply endowed, creamy-textured Cab may not make old bones, but it offers a delicious mouthful of rich cassis fruit, accented by hints of mint, tobacco and dark chocolate. It's silky enough to drink now, with a long, slightly warm finish. wine review : Chile : Central Valley : Chardonnay : Gritty white-fruit aromas show a note of vanilla. This tastes of bland passion fruit, with a weedy note thrown in. On the finish, this doesn't give much at all. wine review : Argentina : Mendoza Province : Red Blend : Fruity, floral and calm on the nose, with nothing aggressive or out of place. The palate is deep, flush and offers great mouthfeel, while the flavors run toward big, juicy berry, cassis and chocolate. Like most Catena high-enders, this Cabernet-Malbec blend features a toasty finish of coffee and mocha, and overall it's stylish and impressive. Drink now through 2014. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : This is a soft, simple Chardonnay, sugary sweet in vanilla, caramel, peach and pineapple jam and spice flavors. A good coat of acidity provides needed balance. wine review : US : California : Merlot : Aromas like brown sugar and bourbon meet bold oaky, spicy flavors in this medium-bodied wine. This will be good for fans of those exotic oak flavors. wine review : Australia : Western Australia : Cabernet Sauvignon : Oatley Wines, based in eastern Australia, sources a few bottlings from out west, like this flagship Cabernet. Cedar, tobacco and cassis mingle easily on the nose and palate, while the texture is supple, turning to silk on the long finish. Drink now–2028. wine review : France : Southwest France : White Blend : When this wine was launched in 1987, it was the first in the region to be fermented in wood. That wood aging has continued. This latest release (Sauvignon Blanc, Mauzac and Muscadelle) by Jean-Marc Balaran gives a beautiful wine that is finely balanced between tightly crisp fruit and smoother, creamy spice and wood flavors. The wine is ready to drink. wine review : US : California : Zinfandel : Minty cedar and red raspberry jam provide a freshness to this medium-built wine, subtle in spice and made in a soft, approachable style. Cherry and cinnamon round out the lengthy finish. wine review : France : Southwest France : Malbec : Heavily wooded, the wine is essentially toast with a touch of fruit. Of course, it is young, and the rich black fruits behind all this smokiness will come through. Drink after 2019. wine review : Argentina : Mendoza Province : Malbec : Ripe and open on the nose, with lush blueberry aromas mixed with vanilla and tobacco. Feels medium to full but not heavy, with raspberry, red apple skin, coconutty oak and spice for flavors. Almondy and sweet on the finish, with handsome dry spice. wine review : France : Burgundy : Chardonnay : With yellow fruit flavors and soft acidity, it's rich and fragrant. The wood aging shows at the end, along with some ripe pear flavors. Drink now. wine review : Argentina : Mendoza Province : Chardonnay : This is immediately ripe and wooly, with touches of lanolin and apricot on the nose. Plump but also citrusy in feel, this sports a citrusy flavor profile built on orange and offset by a tropical hint of banana. Racy, solid and healthy on the finish. wine review : US : California : Syrah : Soft and fruity, this easy-drinking Syrah has pleasant, jammy flavors of raspberries, blackberries, cola, bacon and peppery spices. It's a nice, full-bodied red wine to drink now with party food. wine review : Portugal : Douro : Portuguese Red : From vines in the Douro Superior, a soft, rich wine, polished with black cherry and wood. It is finely concentrated, flavored with spice, tarragon and a final solid, chunky structure. wine review : Italy : Tuscany : Red Blend : Here's a simple but well made red from Tuscany that has floral aromas of violet and rose with berry notes. The palate offers bright cherry, red currant and a touch of spice. Pair this with pasta dishes or grilled vegetables. wine review : US : California : Cabernet Sauvignon : A lighter style of Napa Cabernet, with pretty spice, cherry, cedar,vanilla, plum and anise notes. Tannins are mild, with medium body. The finish is also moderate in length. -J.M. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : Tastes riper and oakier than in previous vintages, giving it a somewhat flamboyant personality, but lovers of this California style will be impressed by the pineapple custard, butterscotch, crème brûlée and smoky oak flavors. wine review : US : California : Zinfandel : This opens with herbaceous dollops of thyme and fresh-dug earth and evolves slowly in the glass, revealing juicy black plum and berry. Medium in weight and density, it's soft and leathery, with a lengthy, supple finish. wine review : US : Idaho : Pinot Gris : Fermented and aged in stainless steel, this is a direct and appealing wine that brings notes of freshly cut red apple and peach, with a dash of Muscat Blanc (1%) lifting the aromatics. It's medium bodied with a pleasing interplay of citrus and stone fruit flavors throughout. wine review : US : Oregon : Pinot Noir : This wine has a light color and appealing notes of candied strawberries, herbs, brown stems and forest floor. It's light and airy—surprising given the general power of the vintage—with delicate, mouthwatering fruit flavors. wine review : France : Provence : Rosé : Big and rounded, this has layers of caramel and strawberry flavors. The fruit is ripe and forward, with delicious acidity and a soft, honeyed aftertaste. wine review : Austria : Kremstal : Riesling : An edgy, perfumed wine, textured and steely, with white fruit flavors cutting through the acidity and the taut apple skin core. It is a beautiful wine that also has a complex core of flavors. Age for 3–4 years or more. wine review : France : France Other : Rosé : The wine is round and full in the mouth. The acidity gives a fresh character to the ripe caramel flavors that shine through the light texture. It is a wine that needs food, with its lively acidity giving a dry, mineral aftertaste. wine review : US : Virginia : Chardonnay : This wine has an intriguing bouquet of mango, straw and toasted nuts. Concentrated flavors of chamomile, lemon and a stony minerality mix playfully. Round in feel, with delicate acidity, the finish is smooth and dry. wine review : US : California : Cabernet Sauvignon : Rich blackberry and chocolate form around chalky tannins and a juicy palate, with a waft of cigar in the distance. Medium bodied, round and soft, the finish is brushed in cherry and pomegranate. wine review : US : Oregon : Syrah : Pure Syrah, this distinguishes itself from the other 2013 Weisinger reds with clear varietal focus. Red licorice, citrus and mixed red fruits lead into a rather chalky, tannic finish. wine review : US : Oregon : Pinot Noir : A hazelnut-infused dessert wine based upon Pinot Noir, it's raisined, slightly volatile and impressively nutty. It turns creamy in the mouth, with rich flavors of hazelnut, toffee plus a hint of dried leaves. wine review : France : Alsace : Riesling : Promising juicy ripeness of peach and mirabelle appears on the nose. The palate takes this rounded fruitiness and frames it with intense lemon freshness. The palate is concentrated and fluid, shot through with freshness and verve. Dry and refreshing. wine review : Italy : Piedmont : Nebbiolo : This elegant red offers aromas and flavors of toast, raspberry, sour cherry, espresso and white pepper. Firm, fine-grained tannins provide the framework. Drink through 2019. wine review : US : New York : Baco Noir : Despite its delicate body, there's a fleshy unctuous feel to this forward red. Bright black-cherry and plum flavors are straightforward yet pristine on the palate, edged by hints of granite and toast. Taut, medium-grained tannins mark a moderately long finish. Drink now through 2019. wine review : France : Southwest France : Malbec : A powerful, wood-aged wine, this shows weighty black fruit and a toasty character. It is concentrated and solid, yet it has a soft and rich side as well.  The tarry, tannic character needs at least four years to soften. wine review : France : Burgundy : Pinot Noir : Produced from two parcels totaling 2.8 acres, this is a properly powerful wine. It has a concentrated texture and firm tannins. They are balanced with the black fruits and strongly mineral texture of this impressive wine. Like any wine of this quality, this needs to age for a considerable period. Drink from 2024. wine review : Spain : Northern Spain : Garnacha : The aromas are sweet, while the palate is light and graced by easygoing cherry and raspberry flavors. A little bit pointed and sharp in feel, but good in a citrusy sort of way. wine review : US : California : Sauvignon Blanc : Tart, clean and juicy, this has ripe flavors of apricot, citrus, tropical fruit and spice. With zesty acidity, it feels basically dry, despite the honeyed finish. A touch of oak lends vanilla and smoke notes. wine review : US : New York : Gewürztraminer : A touch of exotic spice gives a musky appeal to the ripe lychee and rose petal notes. Lush, languid and semisweet, the palate has a dense, concentrated pink-grapefruit flavor and soft, lemony acidity that lingers on the palate. wine review : Italy : Northeastern Italy : Pinot Nero : This 100% Pinot Nero offers enticing aromas of fragrant blue flower, wild red berry and a whiff of baking spice. The sleek savory palate delivers raspberry, green tea, graphite and a white pepper note. Fresh acidity and firm but refined tannins provide balance. Enjoy soon. wine review : France : Burgundy : Chardonnay : A crisp wine, this is packed with acidity and fruitiness. It is tangy, tight, full of attractive acidity as well as lively citrus and white fruits. It is ready to drink. wine review : US : Oregon : Chardonnay : This is fruity and ripe, forward and round, with appealing tropical fruit flavors. There's moderate, but adequate, acidity, and the flavors are rounded off with a toasty note from aging 10 months in 30% new French oak. Drink this now through 2018. wine review : Italy : Northeastern Italy : Sauvignon : This is one of Italy's best Sauvignon Blancs. Crystalline and tonic in appearance, the wine offers generous tones of exotic fruit, pear and green apple backed by dried sage and chopped herbs. The mouthfeel is compact and clean but it's also persistent and dense enough to pair with sophisticated dishes. wine review : US : New York : Riesling : Delicate sweetness and lip-smacking juiciness come together in this off-dry Riesling. It's zesty and light-footed but chock full of peach and grapefruit nectar glazed with caramelized sugar. Drink now through 2018 to maximize its youthful energy. wine review : Austria : Niederösterreich : Sparkling Blend : Expressive and appetizing notes of freshly cut red apples define the nose. The palate carries the apple notes further, supporting them with an autolytic richness reminiscent of shortcrust pastry. Fine and lively, the mousse intensifies the inherent freshness of this elegant, light and dry wine. wine review : Spain : Catalonia : Sparkling Blend : Dusty apple, spice and tropical fruit aromas feed into a mellow palate that isn't terribly acidic or cutting. Nectarine, passion fruit and mango flavors finish ripe and friendly, with residual sweetness and tropical fruit flavors. wine review : US : California : Zinfandel : This has notes of black cherry and smoky tar. It's tannins can barely be wrapped around one's lips on first sip, but let the wine open (and/or age) and its black cherry, berry, coffee and mint components swirl together in exciting ways. wine review : Spain : Central Spain : Red Blend : A sappy wild-berry aroma turns mulchy with airing. The palate feels sharp and puckery, with very high acidity that creates short, tart, ultrajuicy raspberry and red plum flavors. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : Racy acidity and oak-inspired lemon, lime and tropical fruit flavors mark this bone-dry, elegant wine, with a minerally edge. Don't drink it too cold. wine review : Italy : Southern Italy : Cabernet : This offers a sunny, Mediterranean take on Cabernet, bearing bold blackberry and ripe fruit aromas, plus notes of spice, toasted nut, dried rosemary and dusty mineral. The mouthfeel is firmly structured and compact. wine review : Italy : Tuscany : Red Blend : This earthy expression of Sangiovese and 10% Colorino opens with funky aromas of scorched soil, truffle and game. The palate offers dried black cherry, toast, clove and a truffle note. Round but somewhat fleeting tannins provide the easy-drinking framework. Drink through 2015. wine review : Chile : Colchagua Valley : Carmenère : Good if you like a big-boned red wine with plenty of extract, tannin and depth. The dark color gives this one away: it's chunky and grabby but also ripe, flush and receptive to airing. Hints of the herbals confirm that it's Carmenère. wine review : France : Burgundy : Chardonnay : In the Middle Ages, this vineyard was on the boundary between Burgundy and Champagne. This is a plush , rich wine with a broad, full character. It offers ripeness, yellow fruits and crisp, fresh acidity at the end. Drink from 2017. wine review : France : Loire Valley : Sauvignon Blanc : This is an herbal, cool wine. Concentrated citrus flavors percolate through the wine to give freshness and bright acidity. It's light, very crisp and ready to drink. wine review : South Africa : Darling : Sémillon : Winemaker: Nicky Versfeld. The only 100% Sémillon in the CWG lineup, this is a treat. Upfront, the bouquet is rich and decadent, with toasty scents of cedar-grilled apple, peach pit and spiced orange peel as well as a touch of lemon verbena that subtly shines through. The palate is creamy and full, but countered by bright acidity and citrusy freshness that holds on alongside the oak spice on the lengthy finish. It's approachable now, but would really benefit from a few years of maturity; try after 2019. wine review : US : Oregon : Pinot Noir : This pleasing effort is light but interesting. It first introduces flavors of strawberry and rhubarb, with a dash of pepper. A whiff of root vegetables does not interfere with the overall enjoyment, and a lick of chocolate lifts the finish. wine review : US : Oregon : Pinot Noir : Light, young vine fruit flavors mix strawberry and rhubarb, with a tangy, citrus component underscoring the midpalate. It gets a little more interesting in the finish, which brings in seed flavors and a lingering, orange juicy aftertaste. wine review : France : Burgundy : Pinot Noir : Light colored wine with a touch of smokiness and soft, ripe fruits. It lacks definition, giving an open feeling without much structure. Wood aging gives a burnt character at the end. wine review : US : Washington : Cabernet Sauvignon-Syrah : A popular 70% Cabernet Sauvignon and 30% Syrah blend, this sports a distinctive floral note, like a whiff of baby powder. Light cherry fruit anchors the core, remaining balanced throughout the medium finish. wine review : Italy : Veneto : Red Blend : Full-bodied but elegant, this conveys an attractive fragrance of blue flower, wet earth, exotic spice and black cherry. The juicy palate delivers black plum and crushed raspberry while notes of ground white pepper, clove and cinammon add depth. Thanks to fresh acidity and polished tannins, it's well-balanced and more accessible than most Amarones. Drink through 2020. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : Grapefruit, pear and vanilla mark this medium-bodied, moderately dense and youthful wine that also offers peeks of caramel and toffee midpalate. The weight and length give way to a zesty, pithy finish. wine review : US : California : Grenache : Made from 100% Grenache grapes, it was made in a tiny amount of 50 cases. It offers an almost grenadine-like flavor amidst a core of peach intensity. Softly textured, it's super enjoyable and would go well with a bowl of fruit, eggs and bacon at brunch. wine review : US : California : Bordeaux-style Red Blend : A flashy wine, it's rich in fruit and classy in structure. The blend is based on Petit Verdot, an unusual choice, with Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Cab Franc playing supporting roles. The wine is dry and tannic, with a ripe core of black currants. You can drink it now, but it really needsuntil 2022 to begin to come around. wine review : US : California : Pinot Noir : Bliss Block lies within the property's Quail Hill Vineyard and is the coolest two acres on the estate. Spicy acidity and dark earth support a full-bodied, oaky imprint of complexity and structure, dotted in savory cranberry and black tea. wine review : US : Oregon : Viognier : Viognier is a particular strength at Penner-Ash, and here, once again, the challenge of balancing the grape's high-wire sensibility is met with ease. Firm and compact initially, it blooms with delicious flavors of lemon pastry, hints of mint, and lemongrass. It's full bodied, poised and steers clear of both bitterness and burn. wine review : Austria : Burgenland : Austrian Red Blend : A blend of Zweigelt and Bordeaux grapes, this is rich and spicy with black plum fruit and soft tannins. Acidity cuts through the opulent feel. It is juicy, ripe and ready to drink now. wine review : US : California : Cabernet Sauvignon : This is 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, grown in the winery's estate vineyard, on the east side of Napa Valley. It's awesomely rich and ripe, delivering heady blackberry, blueberry, cassis liqueur, cola and new oak flavors that are as long in the finish as they are deep. With thick tannins, it's clearly a wine you need to cellar. Drink 2016–2020 and beyond. wine review : US : California : Syrah : Leather, shaved cocoa, smoked beef and purple fruit show on the nose of this wine. The palate offers touches of savory soy and smoked meat, but is dominated by sour boysenberry fruit. wine review : US : California : Red Blend : A lighter style of red blend, this is easy to drink and enjoy. It doesn't have a strong personality but is well-balanced, fruity and juicy, mild and smooth. It shows a light texture, moderately ripe cherry flavors and medium body. wine review : US : Washington : Cabernet Franc : Inspired by Chinook and Amavi, who also make excellent rosés from Cab Franc, this is quite delicious, round and ripe with mixed cherry and apple fruit flavors. It's on the soft side, very accessible, with beautiful fruit and some delicate spice notes of cinnamon, sandalwood, hints of cotton candy. wine review : US : Oregon : Pinot Noir : This supersmooth effort sails along with supple and spicy black-cherry fruit. It's a full-flavored, mouthfilling wine, with silky tannins and a nice touch of toast from 14 months in 18% new French oak. wine review : Australia : South Australia : Rosé : This is ripe, rich and even a touch tannic—almost more of a light red than a true rosé. This makes it ideally suited to serve alongside summer's various grilled meats. Raspberry and cola flavors finish spicy and round. wine review : New Zealand : Marlborough : Pinot Noir : Crisper and leaner than the current style in Marlborough, the tart berry fruit really shines in this offering from a winery named for a nearby satellite listening post. Finishes with tangy cranberry flavors and a touch of dusty tannin. wine review : Italy : Lombardy : Chardonnay : This Chardonnay-based Satèn sparkling wine opens with creamy aromas of vanilla, lemon custard, apricot and dried sage. The wine has a smooth, rich and persistent character thanks to the delicate quality of its perlage. wine review : New Zealand : Central Otago : Pinot Noir : This is a fairly muscular, chunky Pinot Noir. Black cherries and plums power it, accented by slightly piny, herbal notes. It's neither silky nor particularly long on the finish, but is a satisfying, sturdy red to drink over the next few years. wine review : US : California : Cabernet Sauvignon : Shows the richness of Mount Veeder fruit and also the Rubissow style, which emphasizes massively extracted fruit. Just overwhelms with jammy blackberries, cherries, mocha, licorice and vanilla. The tannins are polished and pretty, being firm yet soft at the same time. Give it a decant and drink now. wine review : US : California : Zinfandel : Made claret style, the fruit and alcohol are restrained, and the wine drinks dry and balanced. Dark cherry and wild berry flavors are mouth-filling and the tannins are complex but approachable. This is a fine example of its appellation and terroir. wine review : Austria : Wachau : Riesling : The alluring lightness of scent here conjures up citrus-flavored snowflakes—symmetrical and delicate little crystals of lemony deliciousness that melt on the tongue one by one, releasing a constant stimulus of utterly joyous freshness—whichever cloud they fell from. It simply bursts with lemon and grapefruit zest, and even with lime. Slender, incisive purity echoes long in a blizzard of bracing and lasting thrill. wine review : US : California : Charbono : In association with winemaker Mitch Cosentino, John McClelland—former president and general manager of Almaden, Geyser Peak and Alderbrook—has crafted a velvety and robust 100% Charbono. Rare in Napa, it offers flavors of plum and cinnamon within a soft, smooth palate, finishing with notes of oak and black licorice. wine review : Italy : Tuscany : Sangiovese Grosso : Tobacco leaf, new leather, forest floor and blackberry open the nose of this nicely ruby-colored Brunello di Montalcino. This wine delivers aromas of cedar wood, vanilla seed, black fruit and exotic spice. In the mouth, it is bright and tonic with sweet oak or cherry fruit flavors on the close. It's almost ready to drink now. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : Lush but fine-tuned aromas of lemon skin, pineapple, daffodil and melon are cut by chamomile and mineral tones on the edges of this good-deal wine. It's also well designed on the palate, where butter and oak-smoke flavors meet with chalky minerality, Asian pear flesh and jasmine notes. wine review : France : France Other : Pinot Noir : This is a direct but tasty and well-balanced Pinot, with vibrant aromas and flavors of juicy cherry, blueberry and wild strawberry, all graced by hints of purple flowers and sweet spice. The mouthfeel is soft yet structured, with delicate tannins and a slight lushness that lingers on the finish. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : Made in the popular style, with loads of sweet, smoky oak that dominate everything. Shows buttered toast and vanilla flavors plastered over the perfectly pleasant pineapples, lemons and minerals. wine review : France : Bordeaux : Bordeaux-style Red Blend : A fresh, fruity and sophisticated wine, this offers acidity balanced by dry tannins. It has juicy black currant fruits, hints of mint and a bright, smoky feel. The wine will obviously age, so drink from 2016. wine review : France : Bordeaux : Bordeaux-style Red Blend : This wine continues the upward progression of Clerc-Milon. It has weight and density while also showing sweetness and delicious acidity. A very complete wine. wine review : Spain : Andalucia : Moscatel : Lychee and minerally aromas amount to a pleasant whole. This dry, still Moscatel is texturally round and oily, while flavors of melon, lychee and orange are a touch bitter around the edges and on the finish. wine review : Italy : Veneto : Garganega : Fresh and simple, this lean white has subdued flavors suggesting yellow apple and citrus while bright acidity gives it a crisp if short finish. Pour at informal gatherings or drink as a breezy aperitivo. wine review : Spain : Northern Spain : Tempranillo Blend : Rubbery, briny red-berry aromas come with a horsey accent. This is juicy and a bit raw in feel, with slightly tart red-plum and raspberry flavors. A light note of buttery oak on the finish is cut by lasting acidity. wine review : France : Loire Valley : Sauvignon Blanc : A blend of wines from different vineyards in Pouilly, this powerful wine is concentrated, with tight minerality that demands further aging. Rich and packed with apples and green plums, it is a beautiful wine that will age well. Drink from 2018 at the earliest. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : Farmhouse just-churned butter is most prominent on the nose, opening up a world that then flowers into layers of ripe, rich apple and pear. Balanced and textured, the wine reflects its near-ideal vintage, marked by a pronouncement of structure and power. Finishing with a zing, it will stand up to time in the cellar, through 2020. wine review : France : Burgundy : Chardonnay : Round and fruity in character, this has initial freshness and ripe yellow-fruit flavors. On the finish, there is a tang of orange zest. wine review : Portugal : Tejo : Portuguese Red : A selection of wines made after harvest, this Reserva is a firm, perfumed, structured wine. It has powerful tannins that go with the black fruits and acidity, but it's also deliciously juicy—a powerful and ripe wine that will improve for several years. wine review : Italy : Southern Italy : Pallagrello : From the almost-extinct Pallagrello grape, this luminous white wine really holds its own in terms of personality and uniqueness. There are pretty mineral tones here but thanks to the wine's age (from the 2006 vintage), you'll also get more complex notes of butterscotch, caramel and apricot. You can feel the high alcohol on the close. wine review : US : Oregon : Chardonnay : Almost decadently rich, this seduces with aromas of toasted hazelnuts, buttery stone fruits and sweet sliced pineapple. In perfect balance and drinking beautifully, it should remain at its peak through the mid-2020s. wine review : US : California : Zinfandel : Zinfandel is joined by Mourvèdre and a few other minor grape varieties in this overtly sweet, high alcohol wine. It's soft and glyceriney, with cherry, blueberry, dark chocolate and pepper flavors. You have to give it credit for being true to its style. wine review : US : California : Sparkling Blend : Mirabelle is akin to Schramsberg's second label, but this brut is pretty good. Made from Chardonnay and Pinot Noir, it's rich and scoury with flavors of oranges, strawberries, limes and vanilla. wine review : US : Washington : Red Blend : This wine is predominantly Merlot (83%) along with Cabernet Sauvignon (9%) and Syrah (2%) all from Anna Marie Vineyard, with Cabernet Franc from Minnick Hills and Petit Verdot from StoneTree Vineyard. Pleasing aromas suggest blueberry, milk chocolate and high-toned herbs. It's elegantly styled with light blue-fruit flavors, at times seeming a bit faint. wine review : France : Burgundy : Pinot Noir : Exhibiting the natural richness of a Chambolle wine, this is a work in progress. Tannins are still integrating with the generous red fruits and acidity to give the ripe and rounded wine it will become. Drink from 2017. wine review : France : Bordeaux : Bordeaux-style Red Blend : Bernard Larrat's wine is dry at this stage, although with hints of ripe black-currant fruit and acidity. The potential is there with juicy flavors and fruitiness already developing well. Drink from 2019. wine review : Chile : Colchagua Valley : Viognier : Floral aromas of buttercup and peach blossom are true to the variety. This is also correct in its full, round, peach-driven palate. Apricot and mango flavors creep toward an astringent and salty finish. wine review : France : Bordeaux : Bordeaux-style Red Blend : 93–95. Barrel sample. This powerful wine is dense with rich tannins and black fruits that are balanced. Full and concentrated, it's a wine with great potential. wine review : Germany : Mosel : Riesling : The 2014 vintage produced so many standouts for St. Urbans-Hof, it's hard to decide on favorites, but this luminous Spätlese pulls quite a bit of weight for its dimunitive price tag. While delicate in frame, it's dramatic in composure, shifting from floral fruity exuberance to waxy, mineral and taut in each sip. It's drinking gorgeously now but should hold well, and perhaps improve, through at least 2020. wine review : Chile : Maipo Valley : Cabernet Sauvignon : Pure on the nose, with a delightful mix of graphite, wild berry, cedar and minerally aromas, this is a rich, plump, mildly tannic Cabernet that will show best in the near term. Flavors of cassis, subdued oak spice and vanilla finish with ripe dark-berry sweetness and proper overall weight. Drink through 2018. wine review : US : California : Syrah : A crazy amount of peppercorn, from white to black to green to red, pops on the nose of this bottling by the legendary Adam Tolmach. Aromas also convey dried violet, black gravel and the slightest touch of blueberry. The pepper spice is almost unbelievable on the sip, where it spices up the soy and coffee-bean flavors. wine review : US : California : Chardonnay : This is fresh and lively, with crisp coastal acidity, elegance and sophistication. It offers oak-inspired citrus, tropical fruit and mineral flavors. wine review : Greece : Nemea : Agiorgitiko : This pert, dry red has a nose of cinnamon, clove and red berries while the palate offers dried cherry, plum and pepper. A good everyday red to pair with grilled meats and cheeses. wine review : US : California : Merlot : This Merlot is soft, sweet in fruit and oak, and ultimately simple. But with cherry, mocha and licorice flavors, it's pleasant to drink, as long as your expectations aren't too high. wine review : Argentina : Mendoza Province : Red Blend : Aromas of hard spices, licorice root and earth override any berry fruit notes this Cabernet blend shows. Round on the palate, with juicy acidity, this tastes of plum and spicy oak. A long, woody, spicy finish brings it home. wine review : Australia : South Australia : Shiraz : This wine starts shy but after some swirling reveals broody black cherry, raspberry, dark chocolate, Chinese Five Spice, and some medicinal notes in the background. Medium to full bodied, it's well balanced, with soft tannins and a short finish. Drink with beef stir fry. wine review : Italy : Tuscany : Sangiovese : Oak, coconut, toast, espresso, menthol and a whiff of cellar floor are some of the aromas you'll find on this robust red. The big, warm palate offers raisin, date, licorice and roasted coffee bean. Teeth-coating tannins leave an astringent finish while the heat of evident alcohol throws it off-balance. While it's tightly tannic, there's not much fruit richness, making this more suited for mid-term drinking. wine review : France : Burgundy : Pinot Noir : Smooth and perfumed, this has a delicious, ripe black-fruit character. It is full of wood, spice and smoky tannins that demand aging. The wine is dense and layered with acidity as well as beautiful fruitiness. Drink from 2018. wine review : US : Washington : Cabernet Sauvignon : Aromatically brooding, this wine slowly opens to reveal notes of scorched earth, incense, cassis, herbs and flowers. It coats the palate with layer upon layer of cherry and plum flavors supported by chewy tannins. The finish lingers. It will be best after 2020. wine review : US : New York : Pinot Noir : Notes of fresh cherry and raspberry are peppered with hints of tomato leaf and bramble on this savory wine. It's full bodied on the palate, but touches of cranberry give it a brisk, refreshing feel. It finishes with soft, yet slightly astringent tannins. wine review : US : California : Pinot Noir : The Roessler brothers take a good spin through the historic Sanford & Benedict vines and present a wine with cherry, baked fennel and a bit of eucalyptus on the nose. It's fairly lean once sipped, but balanced well between pomegranate fruit and dark spices. wine review : US : California : Pinot Noir : A strong, punchy Pinot Noir, ungainly now for its immaturity, showing tons of jammy raspberries and cherries. The acidity is tart, which is good in a wine this rich, providing balance, and there's also a scour of tannins. All indications suggest cellaring this wine for at least six years. wine review : US : California : Cabernet Sauvignon-Syrah : Plump black raspberry and blackberry notes mix with vanilla and baked licorice on the fruit-driven nose of this blend of 67% Cabernet Sauvignon and 33% Syrah. The tannic tension and strong acidity of the palate overwhelms the flavors at first, eventually revealing dark purple fruit and a vanilla-laced finish. wine review : US : Oregon : Chardonnay : Lush aromatics push a bouquet of toasted hazelnuts, citrus peel, apples and white peaches up from the glass. Flavors follow in a clean, spicy wine with a fresh and lively mouthfeel. One-third of the fruit was sourced from the estate's premier Jacob-Hart vineyard, and the wine spent 11 months in 20% new French oak. wine review : Italy : Veneto : Glera : Agostino Marsuret proposes this fresh sparkling wine made with Glera, Verdiso and Perera grapes. The soft sparkler offers just a touch of sweetness with easy layers of peach and grapefruit that pull back slowly. wine review : Spain : Northern Spain : Tempranillo Blend : Big and dark, with cola, forest floor and other dark, secure aromas. The palate is young and burly, with ripe blackberry, cola and coffee flavors. As you'd expect, it's a bit more narrow than Matallana's top wine, but it's still round, long and not difficult to like. Classic modern RDD; dark and sultry. Drink now through 2011. wine review : Spain : Northern Spain : Tinta de Toro : A dark bruiser with heavy mocha, chocolate, tobacco, cola and crusty leather aromas in addition to massive fruit scents. It's huge in the mouth, with broad, grabby tannins, pumped-up acids and wide berry, vanilla and coconut flavors. Dark like coffee on the finish, with titanic tannins and foundation. Best from 2013 through 2016. wine review : France : Bordeaux : Bordeaux-style Red Blend : 91-93. Barrel sample. This has an herbal character along with spice. It's juicy, with intense acidity. wine review : Italy : Veneto : Glera : Here's a new name in Prosecco that makes a lovely addition to this popular category of Italian sparkling wine. Aromas of talc powder, pear and Golden Delicious apple characterize this bright, pristine bubbly. wine review : US : California : Rosé : This is a well-rounded rosé that is bound to disappear quickly from the table, with aromas of strawberry, bubble gum and peach riding a rainy-day springtime freshness on the nose. The palate explodes with acidity and textural grip, carrying both ripeness to satisfy New World fans and the deft tactile experience of Old World selections. wine review : Italy : Piedmont : Nebbiolo : Milky chocolate and creamy almond paste open the nose of this ripe and rich Barolo. Shadings of citrus, spice, plum, licorice and root beer add to the complexity. This is a pure, elegant and traditional expression of Nebbiolo that needs another five to 10 years in the cellar. wine review : Italy : Tuscany : Red Blend : This first vintage of Coevo (a super Tuscan blend of Sangiovese, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot) represents a new and dynamic project for Tuscany's historic Cecchi estate. The wine is rich, opulent and redolent of all kinds of dark fruit and spice. wine review : France : Southwest France : Colombard : Colombard gives the same herbaceous character as Sauvignon Blanc. Here it is packed with acidity, green fruits and strong lines of citrus. Still young, it will benefit for a few more months, so drink from late 2015. wine review : US : California : Merlot : You won't find much fruit in this Merlot, but you will find tons of white pepper. There is a flavor of sour cherry candy, and the palate is dry and austere. wine review : US : California : Red Blend : Here's solid, everyday red wine here, rugged and fruity, but there's something about it that makes you think of pizza and burgers. The blend is Zinfandel, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah. wine review : Austria : Wachau : Grüner Veltliner : Yeasty citrus notes dominate the nose while the palate is savory with chervil, sage and more yeast. A vein of crisp citrus acidity pulls it all together. The aftertaste lingers long with lemon zest. wine review : Germany : Mosel : Riesling : A hint of burnt sugar persists from nose to finish on this bright, delectably juicy late-harvest Riesling. Its fruit profile progresses from delicate apple and lemon to concentrated yellow peach and nectarine. Razor-edged acidity keeps all the fruitiness in balance, finishing bright and brisk. wine review : US : New York : Riesling : Pristine grapefruit and apple blossom notes lend perfume and elegance to this dry, intensely mineral Riesling. Bracing lemon-lime acidity shocks the palate to attention, intensifying a lean, lingering finish. wine review : US : California : Pinot Noir : This wine combines fruit from both cool and warm sites, which in the vintage might have both leaned on the warmer side. Black fruit and licorice give it a burly character at first. Decanting or letting the wine open in the glass will help, but still it retains smooth, velvety tannins and resolved oak. wine review : US : Oregon : Pinot Noir : A lightly funky whiff of the chicken yard underlies the aromatics, but for most tasters it will be an asset, as it does not block the pretty cherry fruit. These forward, appealing cherry flavors, matched to natural acidity and lengthened with that whiff of funk, make for a delicious and value-priced effort. wine review : France : Bordeaux : Bordeaux-style White Blend : Winemaker Jérémy Ducourt brings attractive grassy, herbal aromas that are followed by a crisp wine. It has tropical fruits as well as lime and lemon flavors. The texture is tight, perfumed and elegant. Drink now. wine review : Germany : Rheingau : Riesling : A big, sturdy auslese, nearly dry in style yet showing some botrytis and plenty of concentration. Hints of dried apricots and mushrooms lead the way, and there is some citrusy character, but this brooding wine is best served with cheeses or savory dishes. wine review : US : Washington : Red Blend : This wine is a blend of 63% Cabernet Sauvignon, 32% Merlot and 5% Syrah. It offers roasty-toasty aromas of dark coffee, bittersweet chocolate, char and cherry. The palate is appealing and silky in texture, showing elegant styling but with a lot of flavor intensity, followed by a lengthy finish. It's a pleasing mix of grace and power, barrel and fruit. wine review : US : Washington : Chardonnay : Aged in a mixture of French oak (32% new) and stainless steel, it shows the best of both with fresh peach notes and barrel spices intermingling with crème fraîche. It's creamy in feel with the concentration winnowing slightly toward the finish. wine review : Portugal : Port : Port : A light wine from a wet year. The wine is soft, seemingly dilute. It has some red berry flavors, but not much texture or structure, with wood aging taste. wine review : Chile : Colchagua Valley : Carmenère : Potent up front, this deals juniper and olive aromas in spades. In the mouth, it shows good body and depth. Herbal berry and olive flavors are a touch green, which is standard for the variety, while vanilla and carob flavors on the finish are derived from heavy oak. wine review : South Africa : Paarl : Chenin Blanc : An off-dry Chenin, with lush notes of peach, red apple and sweet lime. There are soft hints of sweet grass and spice that unfold on the bouquet and on the finish. Vibrant acidity keeps the flavors fresh and leaves a lingering tingling sensation. An easy choice for drinking now.